we're going to start seeing in the next
6 months our friends and people that we
work with or maybe even ourselves losing
jobs to AI. We have to prepare our kids
for a different reality.
>> This is McKenzie Price, founder of
America's first AI-powered school where
kids do academics 2 hours a day and test
in the top 1% nationally.
>> We're using technology to provide a
better learning experience for kids and
as a result our classes are crushing it.
>> don't have teachers, right?
>> They are not in charge of delivering
academic content. Our AI tutor is doing
that.
>> Education is changing and most of us
were prepared for a world that no longer
exists.
>> The industrial revolution model of
education did a great job of raising
factory workers who knew how to follow
rules and be obedient and compliant. I
think the world's in for a pretty big
wake-up call. What's this world going to
look like in 5, 10, 20 years? I don't
know a lot of those answers, but here's
what I do know.
>> Education is what I breathe because uh I
have a business in education. I have a
whole channel where I help people speak
English more like Americans and accent
everything.
And I came here from Russia
10 years ago and so I went through
school in Russia, which is like a
completely different system compared to
what my kids are doing here in the US.
Strong focus on academics. Nobody cares
about your feelings.
But at the same time we we see a lot of
people who come from that system
Well, like in China they have similar
system and then they win all of the
world olympiads, right? In maths. Or we
see people who came from post-Soviet
countries start amazing companies.
>> Yeah.
>> To if you look at top researchers,
right? A lot of them are Eastern
European. Do you think that system can
still survive or is it useful in today's
world?
>> I think that what you're describing that
your school experience was was an
environment with really high standards,
but probably the support was a little
more minimal. It was sort of just this,
you know, top-down, you will do as
instructed. And I think that what's
happened in the United States is that
we've gotten much more into like, let's
be supportive, let's be thoughtful,
let's meet kids a little bit where
they're at, but the system can actually
do that. So, as a result, standards have
gone down. And what we've done at Alpha
and what I think is really the key is
that if you can build an environment
where there are high standards, and we
believe high standards are key to kids'
happiness along with high support and
mentorship and connection. And that's
where you really see true motivation
lies.
>> Yeah, I I like how you
mixing these two systems, and I think
both should exist. But also, when I
think about my education, I remember
times when I was sitting in a class,
absolutely hating the subject, not
liking the teacher. But now, when I
think back about that experience, I
think it actually taught me
persistence. Like, okay, I can handle
this. It's a tough situation. I don't
like being here, but I can also talk to
myself internally.
>> Yeah. And I can overcome this. There's a
bunch of things there, but I think that,
you know, the importance of building
resilience is is critical. What I think
is there are so many other ways that you
can teach resilience and grit and how to
work with difficult people. You know,
that a lot of times people will say,
well, you sometimes you have that bad
teacher or that teacher that's hard to
get along with. You have to get used to
that. There's so many other ways that we
can do this while making sure kids are
able to stay engaged and not be bored.
And I also think that, you know, in the
US, that's happening in a lot of
classrooms, too. I think if you look at,
you know, a a rural school in India
or you go to a high-end private boarding
school in Connecticut, you're going to
see the same thing. You're going to see
a teacher in front of a classroom
teaching kids in a time-based system all
at the same pace when those kids are at
wildly different levels. You know, there
are kids who are sitting there before
the teachers even opened her mouth to
explain a concept, they understand and
they know that concept. So, as a result,
it's like, "Okay, I'm bored." And at the
end of that explanation of the concept,
there are kids who it's like totally
over their head. They have no idea
what's going on. In either case, the
teacher just has to continue moving
forward. And that's a real testament to
the fact that the model is broken. The
one-size-fits-all
time-based system, it doesn't work. And
it doesn't work in Russia, it doesn't
work in the United States. And what it's
doing is it's leading
to a large group of kids who are just
sort of going through the motions or not
participating at all and just refusing.
>> And you've been running this system,
which is a 2-hour per day academics
system. And you measure your success by
standardized test scores, correct?
>> We do.
>> And I've as far as I've seen some stats
that some kids exceed. Like, can you
talk to me about like a
median outcome?
>> Yeah.
So, our schools are full-day schools.
Kids get dropped off at 8:30 in the
morning and picked up at 3:30.
But, what we do during that school day
is very different. We are only spending
2 hours doing the academic part of our
day. So, when you think about the
traditional classroom that you and I
each grew up in where you're spending 45
minutes in every every class and then
maybe you get one elective
and a little bit of lunch.
Instead, our students are just doing
these 25-minute focused sessions of math
and reading and language and science and
history.
Those types of core academics that kids
are learning in a traditional school,
but in so much shorter time because
they're getting personalized learning
that meets them at their level
and their pace. And as a result, our
classes are crushing it. So, top 1%
across all grades and all subjects.
And one of the things that's really cool
about this that I'm very proud of is
we're not choosing students for our
school just based on the kids who
already come to us at 95th percentile.
We could take those kids that are 95th
percentile and we can have growth rates
in the 80s and 90s, but we can also take
kids who show up to us in the 25th
percentile and give them exponential
increases in their learning. And it's
really what's so awesome about
leveraging artificial intelligence to
finally allow kids to have that
one-to-one mastery-based tutoring
experience that for years researchers
have known results in kids learning two,
five, 10 times faster. It just hasn't
been possible in our current system.
>> So, can you read that top 1% across
every grade?
>> Every grade, every subject. Yeah, our
classes are in and that's Yeah, no, it's
it's I think it's so much an example of
what's needed in education,
but more than that, it just points to
when you can help a student find, you
know, here's what you know, here's what
you don't know, which is part of what
our standardized assessments are able to
do. They're they're really just feedback
tools for Okay, this is what maybe this
sixth grade student might be
having holes in their math knowledge
down in fifth and fourth and third
grade.
>> And you go back and
>> And you can go back and fill holes
and really get that mastery learning.
And you know, I think math is a great
example to talk about with this because
you know, I remember sitting through
math class being like, I am so confused.
I don't know what I'm doing. Well,
probably the reason I was struggling is
because there were some foundational
concepts that I didn't fully understand.
And so, as you get more and more
sophisticated in the material you're
learning,
it gets harder if you don't have that
foundational concept, right? Learning
algebra, if you don't have your
multiplication tables memorized, is is
harder than if if you do. And
that's what's really cool about this
this true ability to finally have a
mastery-based system where kids are
learning at the pace that's right for
them.
>> Okay. And so, and you don't have
teachers, right? It's just
>> You know, it's so funny that that comes
up very often. We're always that school
with no teachers. And here's the thing,
we have the most unbelievably incredible
adults in our classes. Our ratios are
like 1 to 15, you know, 1 to 5 for for
younger students. But, we don't call our
staff teachers. We call them guides. And
the reason we don't call them teachers
is because they are not in charge of
delivering academic content or teaching
that material. Our AI tutor is doing
that. Uh but, instead what they are
doing is they are truly coaching and
supporting and guiding students on their
learning journey.
And so, their focus is motivational,
emotional support, and they're also the
ones who are really running the whole
school day around life skills
development and building out the ability
for kids to become self-driven learners.
And, you know, you probably talked to a
lot of people in the edtech world and
see technology
you know, there is a huge graveyard of
failed edtech
platforms.
>> Yeah.
>> Here's the reason. Our edtech is not
better than some other edtech platform.
Our reason for success is because of
what our guides are able to do, which is
focus on what is 90%
of creating a great learner. They're
motivated.
>> Motivation, 100%. That's
>> If if you're not motivated, it's like if
if the kid's spinning in his chair and
not even looking at the material, how
are we going to help them learn? And
that's that's the key is focusing on
that motivation part. And it's funny
because we'll often see, you know, I'll
read articles or something that will
say, well, Alpha only works for like
motivated kids. And it's like, no, no,
no, that's the whole point of our school
is that our guides have the time to
focus on figuring out what motivates
this kid, what gets him excited. And
here's the really cool part, Marina.
When a child is motivated and starts
doing the work and they're met with the
same level, you know, and pace that's
right for them,
they they develop competence and then
that competence turns into a confidence.
They start seeing themselves as like,
I'm capable, I can like I can go crush
my academics, I can learn that. And I
think that's one of the coolest things
uh to watch kids really um change how
they feel about themselves and what
they're capable of.
>> And that's the key difference. So, I'm
thinking back about my school system and
my best friend was not doing well in any
subject. So, the teachers would always
tell him, you're like a failure. And I
feel like when you live with that, you
you don't even want to want to try.
>> Yeah.
>> So, whenever I think about those kids in
those systems, they are the ones really
struggling. Cuz if you're
like me like trying to navigate the
system, then you get all the good grades
and you feel great and you develop that
confidence. Yeah, but what about the
kids who can't navigate the system?
>> And that, by the way, is the majority of
kids nowadays.
>> This part of the episode is sponsored by
HJN. I want to break here because what
McKenzie just said is really important
for me personally. I've been talking
about learning English on LinguaMarina
for
10 years. And in that time, I've tried
everything. Long form, short form, live
streams, courses. And recently we
started something new. We created an
animated character of me to deliver some
of the lessons. Our methodologist build
the content, the AI character presents
it, and the channel keeps posting
consistently while I focus on this
podcast, LinguaMarina, cuz it takes a
lot of my time. And honestly, it fits
right into what McKenzie is describing.
Alpha School uses AI AI adaptive
methods, video, text, and mix of
everything to create more visual, more
personalized, more on-demand content.
Animated educational content is part of
that shift. Even 3 years ago, when I was
thinking about this, like creating a
cartoon for English language learners,
making an animated educational video
meant a week's of work and thousands of
dollars. Now, we can do it in 15
minutes. What we decided to do for our
channel is the animated cartoon version
of me. And the way we did it, we
uploaded a photo, wrote a few prompts,
and the short was done. One thing I
actually appreciate, HeyGen only creates
an avatar with your explicit consent and
identity verification. They don't use
your face or your voice without your
permission. The AI handles delivery,
humans handle the thinking. If you're
running a course, an educational
channel, or any business where
consistency matters more than you have
hours in the day, HeyGen lets your team
scale without faking who you are. Use my
link in the description and try it
yourself at heygen.com. Yeah, and you
hire ex uh sports people, right?
>> Yeah. Who are really good at motivating.
>> Yeah, so what we really look for is uh
we want the people come work in our
schools uh to be world-class at
motivation. And about 50% of our guides
come from a traditional teaching
background. Uh and they get so excited
when they finally have been given the
the room to really make that positive
impact that they got into teaching for.
But, this whole other population of
people are also coming in to work as
guides that probably wouldn't want to be
traditional teachers, but they love the
idea of connecting and motivating uh
young people. And so, we get a lot of
people who were uh former coaches,
former athletes, uh people who were in
the business world, all kinds of stuff
that uh they're bringing their kind of
talents, their experience into the
classroom, uh and focusing on that that
motivation piece. And it is so much fun
to see uh you know, that type of person.
We're We have had really incredible uh
success with with just so much interest
because unlike in the traditional
teaching world where teachers are
leaving the field in droves and it's
hard to attract good talent. Uh we're
finding really good talent. Part of it
is we pay them really well uh because I
think anybody who is working in a
classroom every day with kids, they're a
hero and they should be well
compensated. Um and we've just made
their jobs um a lot easier to really
provide that that impact.
>> I get how they're great at motivating,
but I also remember when at school like
there was a concept in algebra that I
don't understand. And sometimes I would
use like books, technology, and I still
don't understand. What happens in that
situation where it's something really
complicated and then someone who's
ex-coach like didn't really take that
subject. What happens
in that situation when a kid needs an
explanation from a human?
>> So there's a couple of things that can
happen there. Let's say a student is um
working through a math concept and they
are struggling to understand that. First
of all, they have a variety of resources
that their guide will be coaching them
through like hey, did you check a
different video explanation or did you
read this other thing or did you see you
know, uh this part that you can learn.
It also is able to understand, you know,
what? Maybe the reason the student is
having trouble with this particular
concept is because we need to go back
and revisit a concept from earlier just
to help you again understand this. Let's
go back and refresh your your
understanding of something else as
you're going into this difficult
material. Um but let's say a student
still is struggling with that. Uh then
what they have the ability to do is um
schedule basically an academic coaching
call. So we have a learning science team
and academic coaches who are able to go
in and one of the things that's great
about that is during this experience our
our coaches and our AI system are able
to understand where is this student
getting tripped up in the lesson because
if this one student is getting tripped
up here, there's a chance that,
especially as we scale to millions of
kids, that there'll be lots of other
kids that could get tripped up. And so,
it helps us improve the quality of, you
know, the the teaching concept that's
happening both in our technology and
where students are struggling. And I
think one of the things that sometimes
people have a really hard time
understanding cuz we're so used to the
way we all grew up, which is at some
point you have to have a teacher sit
down and talk with you and work with you
or
>> a parent, you know, more often working
through the subject.
>> Yeah, you you think you have to do that.
But, then I also go back to, well, it
seems like it's working cuz our results
are showing that our kids are, you know,
learning to mastery. They don't move
ahead until they've mastered the
concepts. And the results are showing
that it does. And I think the other
thing that happens is just I I go back
and remember
how often when I was confused about
something, I I'm sitting in class, it
wasn't like I had the teacher standing
over me saying, "Let me help you with
this." Cuz the teacher's busy trying to
teach everybody. So, maybe you get to go
into office hours or more often you're
asking, you know, a friend or a parent
for help. Yeah, or to a tutor. Yeah, I
mean, the amount of money that families
spend on their private tutoring and
their Russian math after school and all
of those types of things is just insane.
Um and you know, and that's something
So, I think um sometimes what happens is
uh people have this romanticized, what I
think of is mis-memory of what's
actually happening in traditional
classrooms. And as much as we would love
to believe that every English class is
this Socratic discussion where all the
kids are super engaged and they've
fallen in love with Shakespeare.
That's not really what's going on on
there. And so, what we're seeing instead
is like we're using technology to uh
provide a better learning experience for
kids that is getting results. Again, for
for every kid, wherever they're at. Um,
and then where it gets even more
exciting is is what that really enables
the rest of the day to be, which is
where I think the human element and the
human experience are just like
on fire.
>> Interesting. Okay, we talked a lot about
motivation. Another concern with
motivation that I have from my childhood
is that
kids get motivated by weird things. Like
I heard this story, which is a cool
story, of a girl who was when the coach
asked her what she was motivated by and
she said nothing and then she asked what
do you do when you're alone at home and
she's like, "I'm scrolling through
TikTok and I think about boys."
>> Think about boys.
>> That's like a typical 80% 16-year-old
female answer, right?
>> It is.
>> And when I told something like this to
my parents, well, my my interest was
different. I told them I love English,
so I'm going to become a translator from
Russian into English. My parents told me
"Sounds amazing, but you're going to do
math."
And I'm so glad they did because what is
I don't know, like how does a
16-year-old understand the world? Like
from what they see around themselves,
but adults who are guiding them have a
different experience. I'm actually glad
that my parents didn't follow my
passion. They're like, "You can do
whatever you want as a second degree,"
which I did eventually. But, you know
what? I said in mathematics and
economics and I I'm really happy I did
because that really helped me build a
business cuz you learn all the concepts,
you learn how to um, think through very
complicated problems. And yes, I didn't
understand 50% of what was going on in
the class, but it actually helped me
navigate that world. So, I'm like
thinking, what if my child, I don't
know, a 12-year-old says, "Oh, I'm like
my my daughter tells me she wants to be
a puppy yoga teacher." I'm like, "What
kind of job is that?"
>> [laughter]
>> Isn't it helpful to sometimes not follow
the passion of a child and tell them
like, "Hey, you know what?"
>> So, I think that what your line of
thinking is assuming it's got to be
either this or that. And in our opinion,
we believe that it can be and. So, for
example, that student who really did
say, "You know what? I guess I'm like
the world's best Tik Tok scroller and I
am thinking about boys." And actually,
the way that she came to that conclusion
is we have our students do a workshop
called 168 hours where they track the
amount of time in their week, what they
do with it. You know, how much time are
you doing sleeping? How much are you
studying? Where are you spending time
with friends? Are you playing music?
What are you doing? And that's where she
had this realization of like, "Gosh,
yeah, I don't I don't like to do
anything. I just kind of sleep." We
should all do that exercise. And so, it
was there. Now, her guide, when she told
her guide that story, first of all, I
love that they had a relationship where
the student felt comfortable enough to
be honest and didn't feel like they had
to make up a "I'm interested in curing
cancer." Right? She was very honest
about that. Her guide could have said,
"No, get your head out of the gutter.
14-year-old boys are not
worthy of having a lot of thought around
right now." Like, you shouldn't be doing
that and get off social media. Go focus
on math and economics instead. She
didn't do that and she also didn't say,
"Hey, you know what? That's cool. Just
hang out. You should enjoy your Tik Tok
experience." Instead, she said, "Well,
let's figure out how we can go in deeper
to
understand if there's if there's a
problem there." Like, what's going on in
the teen dating world? And so, it
allowed her to say, "Okay, I'm going to
take this interest and see if I can
create something productive out of what
a lot of people would think was just a
random kind of superfluous, you know,
silly girls, you know, interest." And
so, what she did was she went through
and she,
you know, proceeded to do research and
understand that, "Boy, the dating world
is incredibly unhealthy for teenagers
right now." And she started building out
expertise in what is healthy dating
habits look like. And to be clear, it
wasn't even dating habits. This is
coming out of COVID when kids didn't
even know how to like say hi to someone
that you're interested in. You know,
like say hello, introduce yourself, any
of those things. She built up an
audience, which when you think about any
product or business that you're going to
do, a podcast, if you don't have an
audience, you're kind of out out of the
water. So, she built up an audience, uh
got millions of views on TikTok with her
advice. Then, she was able to build an
AI uh avatar that was able to give
advice and she built an LLM that was
based on this expertise. Now, that led
her down the path of let's actually do
some research to understand is the
expert expert advice that she's giving,
is it good? And so, she ended up doing a
research paper where she looked at uh
the quality of advice from her LLM, a
ChatGPT, and suburban moms.
And of course, I think most of us would
guess, I certainly would as a mother uh
of two girls, well, moms give the best
advice. We really do. And what she ended
up finding out moms were actually dead
last. Uh her LLM was was top-rated and
ChatGPT was in the middle. Now, again,
you go, "Okay, well, cool. I guess this
is like she wrote a research paper."
Well, that research paper is now in the
final stages for approval in nature,
which is the number one scientific
journal in the world. And if she goes
through that last hurdle and gets
submitted or gets in, uh she'll be the
youngest female ever and the only high
school student to ever be published in
nature. And that same student is
actually right down the street today at
her admitted student days at Stanford
University. And so, you really take
Yeah, you take this thing and run with
it. So, I think that's the answer is,
you know, let's say it's okay, I want to
do I want to be a puppy yoga instructor.
Um and you know what? This is actually a
really fun exercise that you can do with
your 6-year-old is like, "Okay, let's
think about this. What if we were
building a business? How would we go
about building that? And where can we
make it like, you know, 10x?" In fact,
for our high school students, when we're
when we're talking about our Alpha X
projects, we call them Olympic-level
projects. And the reason we use the term
Olympics is because it's such a clear
standard for being the best in the
world, right? If somebody is an Olympic
runner, you don't think, "Oh, they must
be a pretty good runner for being 18
years old." They are literally the best
runners in the world. Um and so, we we
put that kind of classification because
we don't want our kids to just be good
for their age. We truly want them to be,
you know, the best and seen as experts
in that. And there are so many places
you can do this. I'll I'll never forget,
and this is another year your kids are a
perfect age for this. My oldest daughter
came home one day and she said, "Mom, I
saw some kids doing a lemonade stand,
you know, down the street. Let's do a
lemon- lemonade stand." I said, "That's
a great idea. We should totally do
that." I said, "But then, let's go
through and think about this. Where
would we do it?" She's like, "Well, I
guess at the top of the driveway." And
then I said, "Well, let's think about
this. Let's count how many cars go by."
Well, we live in a pretty quiet place,
so not a lot of cars. And so, we started
to think, "Well, if we really want to
sell, what would we do?" And um she was
about 6 years old uh when this was
happening, and her little sister was 4,
and she's jumping into it. And we walked
through this thought exercise where,
"Okay, where do you find a lot of
people?" And she said, "You know, Mom,
your your exercise place that you go to
seems to have a lot of people. Maybe we
could do something there." I'm like,
"That's a great idea." And I said, "But
do you think exercise people do you
think they want to drink like lemonade
or something else?" And we land on, "No,
they probably would like coconut water
and, you know, waters." And then, we
came up with this idea of they might
need a snack after they're done
exercising, but it's got to be a healthy
snack. So, she ended up creating these
paleo cookies and, you know, called the
gym owner and and asked at 6 years old,
"Would it be okay if I came and sold?"
And she did this, and it worked so well.
And actually, her product was so good,
she ended up getting to go to larger and
larger gyms and athletic competitions.
Um now here's the only problem, the the
backfire of this story. Uh she went to
an athletic competition where she was
selling her paleo cookies and her
coconut water and water. And she made
about $1,600 in profit.
Well, here's my problem. Six-year-old's
like, I'm set for life. I never have to
work another day in my life.
>> understand that they're getting paid
because they're so cute and everything.
>> No, no, no. It was a really good product
and it was getting It was a great
exercise, but then I was like, we should
do this like you could do this every
weekend. She's like, why? I I like I I
bought a Barbie doll. What else am I
going to do with this money? Uh which is
funny, but I think these are examples
where you can take an interest that
somebody has and figure out how do you
take that further? And you know, I I'll
tell you there's some crazy uh puppy
yoga and goat yoga businesses that that
business owners are probably doing
pretty well at. And so I think sometimes
we
we underrate what kids could be capable
of and what we need to do is reframe.
There's some interest that a kid has,
how do we take that? Video games is
another example. I mean, there are
so many moms and dads out there going, I
wish I could get my kid off the game
console. All they want to do is play
video games. And we we see boys come
into our school who are literally will
say, if you could just pay me to play
video games for my whole life, that's
all I'd want to do. It'd be the best job
in the world. And then when you start
saying, you know what? We could like
teach you to vibe code a video game. And
then maybe you could like host an event
and you could be the shoutcaster and you
know, work on these things. And suddenly
these kids get excited about something
that they're doing and they start
realizing like, oh my gosh, it's great.
We have a student who, you know, was
absolutely that boy who would say I
would play video games every day for the
rest of my life. And now he's like, I'm
too busy to play video games cuz I'm out
building this business, you know, and
doing these things. And you know, if you
can inspire kids to try something hard.
>> what I'm saying, right? Not just go
straight
>> into this like sprawling playing the
game, but go behind the scenes and
become the creator behind your work.
>> What is it you do? And really, that's
what what I think is another thing that
is so important to teach young people,
especially in our society today, where
being a a consumer is so easy to fall
into. It's like, "Okay, I can just I can
scroll TikTok. I can play video games. I
can just hang out and watch YouTube."
What we need to do is instead create
creators and contributors. How can you
go out and be someone who builds? And
you know what? People naturally, they
want to be builders. They just often
aren't given the tools, the time, or the
mentorship or the companies that you
mentioned to do that. And you know,
again, not to bag on traditional school
too much, but you know, kids go to
school every day and they say, "Okay,
I'm going to sit in this chair and I'm
completely
uh beholden to what the teacher is going
to be giving out Instead of saying,
"Hey, I I know I've got to learn this
material and I can go forward and I go
as quickly as as I'm capable of doing
well." Uh and they're sitting here just
like, "Do this." Or let's say, you know,
they're working on this, you know,
project in a class. As soon as that
class is over, it's like project's done.
And last spring in the spring of 2025,
it was about May, a bunch of our
students were doing a pitch for a VC
firm, uh you know, for funding for their
businesses. One of the questions uh that
one of the VCs asked was, "So, what's
going to happen this summer when school
gets out?" And the kids look at him
like, "What do you mean what's going to
happen? I I keep going. I got work to
do." And in fact, our high school
students came to us last spring and
said, "Can we please keep our high
school open for the summer?" Because
they didn't have this attitude of,
"Well, my business is done because I got
the A in the class and so it's over."
They're like, "I got work to do. And why
would I not want to be uh surrounded by
my friends and classmates and getting
the mentorship and and support that our
guides are able to provide while they're
going forward with this and it just
creates this like amazing energy and
environment where um it's an ambitious
and it's exciting and it's also
supportive and collaborative because
every kid is working on something
different. It's not like there's only
one spot at the varsity tennis captain,
you know, and you got to you get that or
you know, you can only have the one
winning robotics team at the
competition. Um we've got kids doing
things from such varied backgrounds uh
and they're all there kind of saying
like let's support each other, let's
help. And we really find that that when
you put kids in that environment and
call them to something greater with that
support,
>> [snorts]
>> they get just psyched and it's a fun
place to hang out.
>> Yeah. That that sounds incredible.
Hearing that story, the thing I keep
coming back to is that it wasn't talent.
It was the system around her and it made
me think about something very simple.
Most people use Claude like a search
engine. They type in a question, they
get an answer. Most times they're not
really satisfied with it and they close
the tab. I did the same thing for a
month and I was looking at people who
were saying AI is changing their life
and I'm like, "Mhm." Then I spent one
afternoon setting it up properly,
uploaded a few files about how I think
and how I work and it completely
changed. I wrote the whole process up
step-by-step. You get it when you
subscribe to my newsletter future-proof.
It's free. The link is in the
description.
>> Let's uh talk about screen time.
Something that a lot of parents are
concerned with and also Sweden did this
experiment. I don't know if you know
about this. They abandoned books, they
introduced iPads and then literacy went
down. So they had to ban iPads and
reintroduced the books. Do you have
books in your school or is it just iPad
even for 4-year-olds? Is it like 2 hours
on the screen?
>> No, so we do start um as early as
4-years-old in a pre-K program. They are
doing some work on screens,
but it's a shorter period of time than
that 2 hours. And actually, fun fact,
the you know, average amount of time
kids are spending on screens in the
United States right now is 2 and 1/2
hours a day. So, our kids actually spend
less time on a screen than kids there.
>> cool.
>> Yeah, but here's the other big key
component. There
is not equality between all screen time.
I myself with my kids, we were
screen-free family, and I recommend
that. Like, you know, putting an iPad in
front of your kid, you know, at the
dinner table or even in school to say,
"Hey, let's do this online." You know,
that could have been just a worksheet,
right? But we're doing doing it online.
It's just it's like technology for
technology's sake. And the key
difference here for us is it's not just
doing something on a screen, it's having
that engaged
level of interaction with your academics
that's keeping you in what's called the
zone of proximal development where the
answer, you know, the the the work isn't
so hard that you've kind of turned off
and so easy that you're not really
engaged. So, it creates a very proactive
kind of connection with what students
are doing,
which is why we're seeing, you know,
better learning results than just
putting something on screen. That said,
yes, of course we have books. One of the
things that I think is such an important
thing for kids to learn is we got to
teach them not just to read but to fall
in love with reading.
>> Yeah.
>> And what better way to do that than,
first of all, teaching them the skill of
reading, which we're able to do very
well with this environment. And I will
say
the importance of one-to-one out loud
reading with a human is so critical. And
so, that's where our reading specialists
are able to have time to do that
one-to-one pull-out reading time with
every kid as part of their learning.
But then, it's also teaching them to
say, "Okay, let's figure out how we can
encourage you to love to read." And an
example of that, we have an app that we
have created called Teach Tales. And
what it does is it's basically an AI app
that allows kids to create stories that
match their interests. And it's at the
difficulty level that's exactly right
for them and keeps them in that zone of
proximal development. So, basically you
can take that little boy who maybe would
rather be just like going around on his
scooter than sitting down and reading a
book, but suddenly he's the main
character with his best friends in a
save-the-world kind of adventure that
matches his favorite, you know, movie
that he's got. And all of a sudden he's
excited about reading. And these are
things we have to do. So, yes, our kids
get to be exposed to Shakespeare. And
yes, our kids are reading the great
books, you know, and they're doing that
stuff. Um it's it's one part of, you
know, what I think is important to for
education. E.D. Hirsch has 5,000 facts,
concepts, and and what what they call
core pieces of knowledge that are
considered important to be an educated
person. And we're able to put that
information into our curriculum in order
to make sure that, you know, the kids
are getting that education. And so, you
know, the wonderful thing that I think
people often forget is that when you
only have to spend 2 hours working on
that academics, it opens up the whole
rest of the school day to be able to do
things like, "Okay, you're going to do a
great book." Check. We call it a check
because it's on a check chart. You've
got to read a certain number of books
and then you're writing reflections on
them. You know, and and having kids have
that opportunity.
>> on iPad?
>> Or handwriting?
>> No, so we
Guess what we do? We teach cursive.
Uh we teach cursive.
>> I really want my kids to learn cuz I
spend days and weeks learning, well,
months probably.
>> I You know what's crazy? I only write in
cursive. Like I still think cursive is
like a pretty important and
>> it's
>> skill.
>> I Oh, it's a great Well, and it's a
great skill because of what it does with
just your hand-eye coordination, how it
helps develop the brain. Same thing with
music. Same thing with art. There's so
many different different types of things
that we want to give kids to do. And so,
yes, they're doing that on pencil and
paper. Here's another thing that our
kids get to to do. They're learning to
sew, right? They're doing a woodworking
class. Like, stuff that, you know, has
actually been torn out of the
traditional school day because there's
not enough time. Everyone thinks we just
need more time on academics in order to
see success rates go up. And that's not
really true. We're showing that in less
time, kids can learn more effectively
and then open up all of those other kind
of life skills experiences. But if it's
anything like when our kids, you know,
our five- and six-year-olds were riding
back and forth on the Golden Gate Bridge
in their alpha biker gang where they
finish uh finish that ride as a team, uh
or, you know, they've climbed 40-ft rock
walls, or our middle schoolers been able
to complete a triathlon together. Um
there are so many different activities
that we're seeing kids can absolutely
rise to the occasion. And part of what
what helps us do that is we're making
sure that it's fun. Like, that the kids
are having fun even when it's hard,
right? It doesn't mean, when we talk
about kids loving school, which we think
is critical, kids need to love school.
In fact, it's our first commitment that
we make to our families, which is that
your kid will love school. The reason
that's so important isn't because every
day is Disneyland.
It's because when kids feel this fire in
their belly and are like, I like being
at school, I love being at school, it
allows us to challenge them to do hard
things, to take on uh tasks that maybe
they wouldn't know how to do.
Uh and they've got that support. Uh and
it it it's what helps unlock potential,
which is what I think school needs to
be.
>> And so, you basically compressed I'm
thinking about a typical school day.
It's 6 hours of academics, right? And in
a typical
>> Yeah. And you can press it to to 3x
less.
>> Mhm.
>> And you still cover the same material
and same depth just because everybody
moves individually with an AI
>> actually argue we cover it in greater
depth because again, when you think
about what let's say fifth grade
academic knowledge, you know, is for
math as an example. Kids in a
traditional system, they're moving
through the math concepts
and whether they know it or not, they
kind of move forward. Again, it's why a
third of kids in this country are
actually proficient in their grade level
in math or reading. That means
two-thirds are not at mastery. Whereas
in our system, kids don't move up in
their academic grade level until they've
mastered. They've got to be above 90% in
order to master. And so it it goes to a
a larger depth. This is the other reason
we get sometimes this question. So our
second commitment is that kids will
learn twice as much in only 2 hours.
And so often twice as much and we
measure that with something called the
NWEA map assessment. It's a it's a
standardized assessment that's taken by
about 10 million kids all over the
country, home school, public school,
private school.
>> they actually remember what they
learned?
>> Yeah, and then again, what happens is is
when you set kids up for success by
giving them mastery of earlier content,
it again, it makes more sophisticated
content easier to grasp. Yeah, and go
deeper on that. And so
at our high school, our kids are taking
the same advanced placement courses that
you know,
some kids are taking. They're taking 4
years of English and foreign language
and science and math
and all of those types of history.
They're doing that, but they're doing it
in less time. At the high school level,
it's it's 3 hours.
It's a little bit longer on there.
But yeah, we have basically been able to
compress that time and make it more
efficient and more effective. So I think
they are learning at a deeper level than
kids in a traditional classroom. That's
>> very interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, so if somebody's listening to this
and you have a really high check, right?
Is it like 70K? How much is it?
>> So, um our Alpha schools, Alpha school
is kind of the school that's gotten a
lot of the attention. Um and that is
like super high-end private school, kind
of redefining what parents expect out of
their kids private school experience.
So, you know, when kids are learning
teamwork and adaptability through
sailing and then they get to sail from
Florida to the Bahamas, you know, over
time. They're doing that. And that's
basically between 40 and 75,000. Um
those schools are opening all over the
country. Um and it's been really cool to
see the amount of demand we have from
families who are excited about not just
the the part we've spent time talking
about the academics, but really all the
life skills.
>> So, somebody who can't afford 70K, if
it's just, well, 2 hours a day, can a
parent like me
replicate part of this experience? Cuz
I'm a dedicated parent. I spend like 2
to 3 hours at least per day with my kids
just doing stuff with them. If I want to
do something like that, what are the
steps that I need to take? And I also
feel like it's really cuz all the skills
that you're teaching is not just for
kids, it's for adults who are understand
that the world is changing and they need
to be constantly learning, adapting,
uh basically world changes every week.
So, that's that's what we're up for.
>> I love this question at because it's
been so fun to watch people who are
replicate replicating a lot of um the
Alpha magic um in their own homes with
what their kids are doing. And so,
that's everything from, you know, we've
got uh families that are using our Alpha
anywhere homeschool program. That's
$10,000 a year to get the same academic
platform, you know, that our kids in
school are getting. And then their
afternoons get to be, you know, the life
skills development that the family
decides that is interesting. And, you
know, there are so many ways that you
can teach great life skills. You know,
sports obviously has always been a
really popular way of um teaching grit
and resilience and teamwork and
leadership uh and receiving feedback,
you know, and learning to mastery as
well, you know, one of the things we
think about with sports that it's harder
to understand with academics, but we're
taking the same approach. You know, if
you're a basketball player, you're not
working on your dunking if you don't
know how to dribble the ball down the
court, right? It's start with the
basics, master the basics, and then move
up. Uh you know, you analyze game film
when you're finished, you know, what
with a game, you're watching to see
where you can do better. We're doing a
lot of that same stuff on the academic
side. Um but there are things that
families can do at home. I always think
entrepreneurship is such a great tool,
and we talked about that with the
lemonade stand. So, those are great ways
to learn financial literacy. Um and
those are things that parents can be
doing at home. Now, here's the
challenge.
A lot of times
uh
the big big issue with this is there's
only so many hours in the day. So, when
kids are going to school all day long,
they come home, they get a hopefully a
little bit of a break. They often are
ending up doing homework, which is
starting earlier and earlier. They've
got homework. You got to eat dinner.
You're doing piano practice or you're
going to play soccer, whatever it is.
There's only so much supplementing that
can be done, and that's one of the
reasons I think uh families are starting
to realize like it's time for us to to
demand change in our school districts
and to ask our schools, "What are you
doing to try and improve academics?"
>> academics? If somebody wants to deploy
part of your system at home, what can
they do with their kids? Is it like
watching particular videos or I don't
know. Like live coding an app.
>> Let me give you an example on the
academic side. There's an app called
Math Academy that we absolutely love.
It's not one of our apps. Um it's built
by uh you know, an an outside team that
they've just done a great job with Math
Academy. It's a great app. And so,
that's an example of something that, you
know, if you're wanting your kids to be
able to spend some time doing, you know,
some app work, go in there. Um I think
the other thing that's, you know, so
much fun now is, you know, working on so
many of these AI tools that are coming
out. In fact, a bunch of our our
students went to New York uh last month,
and they did an open claw class for
parents, you know, to teach them what to
do. And, you know, when we're thinking
about a super important skill uh as an
employee uh in order to have a job,
you're going to have to always
understand like, how do I take whatever
I'm doing and add the most value from
it? How do I become AI first?
>> Oh, yeah. How do I automate part of my
skills and
rise up to the next level?
>> to give me superpowers, right? That's
what's going to make people job
resilient, you know, when and and
employable is if they are constantly
knowing, all right, here's how I can
take something and use it to my
advantage to build something big.
>> And also, use personal judgment when
interacting with the AI.
>> Absolutely. You know, and and here's the
other thing. I think there's a lot of
fear around AI. Uh and in schools, there
is, and it's rightly so because chatbots
in schools are cheat bots. Um and, you
know, we don't use chatbots in our
schools because kids do use them.
>> switching apps? Do you have like a
blocker?
>> So, yeah. So, our our kids are working
on computers, so they've got they've got
um basically in the Time Back platform,
it's it's monitoring so that they can't
say, "Okay, I'm moving from here to
here." Or if if if they're able to
somehow, we can see it. We're screen
recording to be able to see how kids are
moving through this. It's also what
allows us to give coaching to kids when
it's like, "Oh, okay, I noticed that you
you maybe skimmed the reading. You
didn't spend enough time reading the
whole the whole thing in order to do
that." And then coaching, you know,
often times, slowing down will actually
help you go faster than trying to rush
through something. And, you know,
getting that kind of skills um is
important to do. Uh so, it's a, you
know, there's a lot to do, but yeah, in
education, we've got to make sure that
we're implementing AI in a in a good
way. And what I would hate to see is
just, you know, every kid gets a
computer with uh
chat GPT on it and say, "Wow, we're AI
first."
>> Yeah, that that's my concern with screen
time. Like I really want them to watch
some videos. There are some TED Talks I
absolutely love, which are also very
visual, so I can show them to my kids.
But my concern is that if there's a
phone call and I leave the room, they're
going to figure out how to switch to
shorts.
>> Oh, yeah. Do your kids like Mark Rober,
who does all these cool science
>> Yeah, yeah. I just showed them the
glitter bomb. They were fascinated.
>> Yeah, no, there's some interesting ways
to do it. And you know, that's another
thing that I think we have the ability
now to like be able to watch a heart
surgery, you know, on YouTube versus,
you know, just dissecting a pig, you
know, in class. There are so many cool
ways that we need to take advantage of
what the world has to offer in the right
way where where we can say, "Okay, let's
learn this. Let's get inspired by
something here." Mark Rober is a great
example of a really good influencer who
makes kids fall in love with science and
activities um like that. And so, you got
to pepper in that right amount and I
think uh you know, parents at home who
are kind of being able to say, "All
right, I'm going to intentionally have
my kid do some work using adaptive apps.
I'm going also have, you know, a way for
them to develop life skills at home."
>> We grew up in a particular system and we
think it's the best system for our kids.
But then, what I also do realize that
the world has really changed. Do you
think higher education matters? Do you
think universities are going to matter
in 5 to 10 years?
>> Here's what we're telling our students
is that we want you to be prepared to go
do whatever it is that you want to do.
And if that means you want to go to an
Ivy League school, then you should be
able to have, you know, the resume that
gets you into that. And if you want to
be ready to go out and hop into business
or go straight in the working world, you
should be prepared to to do that as
well. Um so, I think that's a very
personal choice. Now, if you ask me in
general about higher education, I think
the university system is, you know,
following very closely behind the the K
through 12 one, which is that, you know,
if you took AI tools, just like what
Alpha's doing, and said, "Hey, let's do
all our basic courses, you know, this
way, and then free up the professor's
time to to really spend time in more
sophisticated discussion with kids who
are, you know, at that level, let's go
be doing research. Let's go build up,
you know, build up build a startup
together, do whatever that is." Um, I
think that would make it really
exciting. Now, I believe university, and
I've got one daughter who's um, in
college and another who's heading there
next year. Both those girls were so
excited to go to college because they're
excited to be around other ambitious
young people, right? They're excited to
build their network, and I think
university does an amazing job at
building out, you know, networks. It's
where you often can meet your your
spouse. Uh, there's your best friends
for life. That's what they want to go to
college for. They want to have that
experience, but I think again, their
time spent in classes is, you know,
pretty inefficient.
>> do they adjust from 2 hours to 8 hours?
>> it's funny, uh, we actually looked at
this cuz that that's a big concern that
people have is, "Okay, what happens when
your kids go back into a traditional
environment?" And here's what we found.
They do great. They are able to very
quickly understand, "Okay, here's how I
can I can learn, uh, and I they have a
an a proactive attitude of taking on
ownership of their learning. Um, but
they will say, and my daughter was one
of them, she called me up after the
first week of school, and she's like,
"Wow, Mom, I mean, these lectures are so
inefficient. Like, in a 45-minute class,
you know, there's probably 5 minutes of
real information that was worthwhile."
But, do they do well in grades?
Absolutely. Uh,
more importantly than that, though, I
think what it it like our Alpha grads
tend to do is they have a desire towards
just mastery even when the system isn't
doing it. And we had a student who went
off to university and he wrote a paper
for one of his classes and he got the
paper back and he had a 95% but there
were no notes. So he went and met with
his professor and he said, "Hey, I see
that I got a 95% but I don't see any
notes on how I could improve."
And she just said, "Well, you know,
that's a good grade. That's an A. You
should be happy with that." He's like,
"I am happy with it but I just want to
know what would make it better? Like
what would get a 100?" And she said,
"Well, you know, writing you're never
going to get to a 100. There's always
improvement." He goes, "Great. Share
with me what what I could improve upon."
And you know, she looked at him and she
just crossed out the 95 and put a 99 and
sent him on his way. So he didn't get he
actually didn't get the feedback he was
looking for. Um and it's just an example
that
even teachers are programmed to be like,
"It's just about the grade. Just here's
the grade. Go on your way." And you
know, I think Alpha students realize
like, "Oh, I can go learn this because,
you know, it's interesting and I have a
ability to get better."
>> Interesting. Okay, so you're saying all
of this and I'm like, "What would be the
version of uh
self-imposed Alpha school for adults at
home?"
>> Oh.
>> [laughter]
>> Um well, first of all, I think um you
know, for me if I had a little bit more
time, I sometimes think, "You know what?
I'd love to go back and do some, you
know, hole filling, you know, and
remember where am I at in in, you know,
my math and history, uh those types of
things." So I mean, I think that one of
the things that that parents can do is
start doing some of these apps with
their kids, not with them but but do
them too so that they can understand how
they work and what they do. Find a thing
that you're interested in learning more
about and go deep. Our middle school
students, we do this all the time.
Actually, we start earlier than that
which is we'll have kids go down a
two-week long rabbit hole around a
subject that they find interesting. And
so that's something as an adult, go go
go a a topic that you're interested in
learning about and say, "I'm going to go
and I'm going to build what we call a
brain lift." Uh which is basically a a
list of everything I learn. Who are the
experts in this area? You know, I'm at
the point where I'm starting to think,
"Oh, I should start learning about
hormones and you know, menopause and all
those kinds of things that are that are
going to be happening in my next stage."
So, go and and find out who's the
expert, who's built who's doing this.
And then, this is what a lot of our
students do they they spend, you know, a
half an hour each day doing research on
their topic of interest. They build a
brain lift and then they can actually
build an LLM uh out of that and they can
search constantly, you know, "Okay,
here's what do I know about this topic,
you know, from what I've studied?" And
they're continuing to add. And so, I
think it's a great example of um really
encouraging this idea of continuing to
go deeper and learn and becoming an
expert in something.
>> And when you talk about professions to
your kids, do you what is your thinking
around that? So, you're basically
replacing teachers and you're moving
them to more like a coach cool forward.
The thing that I'm getting from this
conversation is that you're raising a
lot of entrepreneurs, which is amazing.
And I feel like if you don't have
entrepreneurial qualities, it's going to
be really hard to survive in 10 to 20
years when a lot of manual work is
automated. Uh who else do you think
doesn't have a future?
>> Mhm.
Um
I don't like asking young people, "What
do you want to do when you get older?
Like, what do you want to be when you
grow up?" There's a few reasons I don't
like that. First of all, I think it can
box kids in to think, "Oh, I have to say
I want to be a lawyer, right?" Or
something like that. Um so, I think I
think one of the things is you have to
say, "What are the things you enjoy
doing?" And uh my daughter is a great
example of this. I think uh she would
probably want to be a lawyer. I think
the field of law is going to be a really
interesting place cuz now you can
literally write up a legal document in 2
seconds, you know, and save the money on
this. And so, I think the the profession
is an
of, you know, lawyers are going to have
to elevate themselves to say, "Okay,
here's how we're automating the things
that can be automated, and here's where
the real focus should be as, you know,
as we're incorporating strategy and what
are we doing and how are we uh
negotiating and communicating, you know,
on that?" Uh I think there there's going
to be so much change, you know, doctors.
You know, I don't think are we ever
going to replace doctors? Absolutely
not. But, it's so interesting. I was at
my last uh dermatology appointment where
they're doing my yearly skin check. And
instead of the doctor coming and looking
at my moles with a little mirror, uh you
know, the doctor is literally taking a
camera and scanning my body and using AI
to analyze if anything. And guess what?
They have the record from last year to
be able to know, "Hey, that mole looks
different than it did this year." Versus
a human eye who's like, "I don't know."
Now, does bedside manner become even
more of an important skill? Absolutely.
Right? You you know, those are some
places where we're going to have to see
change. So, I again, I think with with
our students, we have no idea what
they're going to want to be when they
get older. But, if we can help them
develop the skills that that will be
helpful in whatever they do,
>> I think it's a very important question
to ask yourself
instead of what profession you want to
be doing, what you're actually enjoy
doing. The skills, the process.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's the key cuz professions are
going to change.
>> Absolutely. We have our middle school
students and our high school students do
an ikigai values chart.
What are you good at? What do you love
to do? And what does the world need? And
that is something that I think we should
all be revisiting on a regular basis.
>> Absolutely.
>> As as adults, too. Um these are things
that we should do. And and that helps um
people kind of see like, who do I want
to be? What do I want to do? How do I
want to contribute? How do I want to
build and create? Uh and then, where can
this be helpful? Plug into what what you
can see as a need that's uh that you can
meet.
>> Have you ever thought about what to say
to your daughters if they graduate and
they don't get a job?
Like in this world that's changing so
fast.
>> That's a really interesting question.
That's a great question to ask. So,
yeah, I've got a daughter who is a
sophomore in college and she's, you
know, was was hustling to find her
internship for the summer and I've got
another daughter who's really different
actually cuz she's a very well-known
influencer. So,
she's now she's got a different thing
which is she's going to have to make
sure to to take advantage of her 15
minutes of fame and figure out how to
grow and develop, you know, and move
through that and so this but gosh, if if
they didn't get a job, I that's a very
interesting question and I I think I'm
such an optimist that I really struggled
to ever think that kids are going to be
in a position where it's like, I can't
get a job.
Here's what I do believe. I think the
value of knowing how to work hard is
important. So, I would say there's got
to be someplace that you can find, you
know, work to get to do and make sure,
you know, now that you're building those
skills that are going to be resilient
and, you know, finding that work. This
this opens up such a another question,
you know, I think I was reading
something that Elon Musk had posted, you
know, on X the other day around
you know, what happens when we really
are in a world of total abundance,
right? Where we can have universal
income. Again, I think there we have to
help people plug into what they believe
their purpose and their passion is so
that they have a desire to get up each
day and go create even if it's not out
of necessity.
>> And that's what you help kids figure
out, which is amazing. Instead of just
following whatever is whatever teachers
tell them to do, they explore
themselves. Okay, my last question.
Let's do the one sentence takeaway. If
one person watches this, takes one
action this week, what would it be? A
professional parent
whoever was watching.
>> If you're a parent, ask your kid, like,
"What's interesting to you these days?"
I think that right there is something
that uh can open up so much. Like, what
are you What are you interested in? What
do you find yourself curious about? And
then you take that, and actually you
could even do that with your spouse,
right? Or your business partner, someone
your friend that you're at dinner with.
You know, what's something that's been
interesting to you that you've been
thinking about learning learning about?
And then say, "Hey, if we were going to
go do a deep dive on learning about
this, how would we go about learning
this?" You know, and maybe that turns
into this book that was recommended, or
maybe it turns into uh going into
ChatGPT and like, you know, uh following
something. But I think getting curious
and asking questions uh is something
that I would absolutely do, and I don't
think there's a better way
uh to connect with your kids than ask
that kind of open-ended question. Not a
yes-no question, but like, "What are
some of your curiosities about these
days, and then how do we go into into
depth on it?"
>> And also maybe, I don't know, 10 cents
from me, just changing the mindset
around
the fact that your kids don't have to be
raised the way you were raised. That's
such a tough thing for me cuz because I
grew up in the system and my parents
grew up in that system, and my
grandparents are like, my kids have to
follow the same system, and they're in a
different country, they're in a
different age, we're in a different
world.
>> Yeah. Well, we often will say, "Hey, I
turned out fine, so how bad can it be?"
Um but I think it's also it's a mindset
change uh from uh you know, just kind of
a scarcity, like, "What do you What do
you need to get by?" versus abundance,
you know, "What can really set us up for
that?" And you know, I talk to families
all over the country who are looking
into Alpha school and our founding
families, the the families that say,
"Hey, I want to be one of the first 25
families to come into New York City." Um
they're my like my spirit twins because
I was very much like I cannot watch my
kids go through this, you know, obedient
creating just follow the rules go
through the the the system experience.
Um, but there are other families who say
I got to wait and see how this looks,
you know, let me just wait and see. Um,
and I think there's going to be some
level of that, but the other thing I
think we're going to start seeing in the
next 6 months is when we start knowing
our, you know, friends and people that
we work with or maybe even ourselves
losing jobs, you know, to AI and sorry,
we're going to start to realize, you
know what? We have to prepare our kids
for a different reality than the one
we've grown up and the one your parents
were in and grandparents. And, you know,
the Industrial Revolution model of
education, uh, you know, it's been
around for a couple hundred years and it
did a great job of raising factory
workers who knew how to follow rules and
be obedient and compliant. Um, but I
think the world's in for a pretty big
wake-up call and it's one where we don't
have to be
doomsday about it. I think it can
actually be a really exciting place if
we're equipping ourselves and our kids
with the skills to be successful.
>> Yeah, being open-minded and trying new
things. Thank you so much. This is
fascinating. I think this is the
conversation I really needed [laughter]
because I feel like, you know, with the
this new country I like, oh, are they
doing the right thing? Well, thank you
for having me. This is so much fun.
Thank you.